Cond Configuration

The Ayla configuration daemon uses the standard JSON configuration file format
shared by all Ayla daemons.  This directory contains sub-directories with
default factory configuration files for each of the demo Wi-Fi platform
implementations.  Many fields in the Cond factory config file are optional,
and may be omitted to use the default value.  The "wifi" top-level object
contains the core Wi-Fi configuration.  There is also a "wifi_platform" object
that contains fields defined by the platform-specific Wi-Fi implementation,
but this readme will focus on the "wifi" object.


Supported Cond "wifi" Config File Fields

Name: enable
Type: boolean
Default: true
Description: Master enable for the Wi-Fi state machine.  If this is false,
	the Wi-Fi AP and station will be disabled.

Name: interface
Type: string
Description: The name of the station mode network interface.

Name: ap_interface
Type: string
Default: defaults to the value set for "interface".
Description: The name of the AP mode network interface.  Omitting this field,
	or setting it to the same value as "interface" has will automatically
	disable simultaneous AP and Station mode.  Using different "interface"
	and "ap_interface" values will enable simultaneous AP and station mode
	unless "simultaneous_ap_sta" is explicitly set to false.

Name: simultaneous_ap_sta
Type: boolean
Default: [No default]
Description: This is an optional field in the factory config, and should only
	be defined if it is desired to explicitly override the default
	behavior for simultaneous AP and station mode described above. 

Name: ap_ip_address
Type: string
Default: 192.168.0.1
Description: The static IP address to configure the AP network interface with
	when AP mode is enabled.

Name: ap_window_at_startup
Type: boolean
Default: true
Description: If set to true, an AP window is opened as soon as cond starts.
	AP mode is allowed for the duration of the AP window.  If this is set
	to false, the AP window is only opened when a WIFI_AP_WINDOW_OPEN
	message is sent from an external interface, such as acli or another
	application.

Name: ap_window_duration
Type: integer
Default: 0
Description: This defines the length of the AP window in minutes.  If omitted
	or set to 0, the AP window never closes, once opened.

Name: ap_window_secure
Type: boolean
Default: false
Description: Setting this value to true disables AP mode completely once >= 1
	valid Wi-Fi profiles have been added.  This is an added security option
	to prevent the device from reverting to AP mode once a valid Wi-Fi
	profile has been saved.

Name: profile_save_mode
Type: string
Default: save-on-cloud-up
Description: This determines the policy used for saving Wi-Fi profiles added
	using the WIFI_CONNECT interface.  The default is preferred in most
	cases, but the following values are supported:
	"save-never" - never save profile on Wi-Fi connect.  For testing.
	"save-on-add" - save profile immediately before connecting.
	"save-on-connect" - save profile once connected to Wi-Fi network.
	"save-on-cloud-up" - save profile once connected to Wi-Fi and Ayla cloud.

Name: profile
Type: array
Description: An array of saved Wi-Fi profiles.  Generally, this is left empty
	in the factory config file, but it is possible to add a default Wi-Fi
	profile that will be available on a factory reset system.  Profiles
	are in the following format:
	{
		"ssid": "",
		"security": "",
		"key": ""
	}

Name: ap_profile
Type: object
Default:
	{
		"enable":true,
		"ssid":"Ayla-$MAC",
		"channel": 1,
		"security":"none"
	}
Description: The network profile describing the device's own AP.  This is in
	a similar format as regular profiles, with the addition of an explicit
	channel number.  The ap_profile also supports variable expansion for
	its "ssid" value.  Currently, $MAC and $DSN are supported.
